# Introduction

This readme documents the default structure of a courseR project that works with the stock configuration, but most aspects of build cycle can be tweaked.  See the comments in courseR.yaml for information about more advanced configuration options.

# Project structure

## content/

The `content` subfolder is where the script will look for source files.  These can be .rmd, .md or .r scripts.  These files can optionally have YAML headers in the R Markdown/pandoc style (where YAML markup is placed between two "---" delimiter lines).

* `content/data/`
  
  The `content/data/` subfolder is where you should put any external data files that are used in your content scripts.  courseR will automatically copy these files into the the final site build directory.  If you include references in your content headers with relative paths to data files (ex. `data: data/myfile.txt`), courseR will automatically rebuild content when data files change and will also provide download links to the data files in the final HTML.

* `content/img`
  
  The `content/img` subfolder is a convenient place to put additional image files (not generated by knitr).  These files are also automatically tracked for changes, since images are embeded in output HTML files by default.

## app/

The `app` subfolder should contain all of the necessary web resources for the final site.  The contents of this directory are recursively copied to the final build folder.  Replacing the default styles in `app/css/` is an easy way to change the overall visual style of output documents.  Any Bootstrap 3.0 theme can be used to change the page themes (see [Bootswatch](http://bootswatch.com/)) or [highlight.js](http://highlightjs.org) [theme](http://highlightjs.org/static/test.html) to change syntax highlighting.

## templates/

The templates subfolder can contain two types of files:  plain text files and R scripts (.r or .R).  R scripts are parsed and eval'ed at build time and should produces a single character string to be used as the template text; text files will be loaded verbatim.  Templates are made available to post processing functions in as a list strings named according to the original file names (without the file extension).  In the default project, templates all contain whisker (mustache) partials.
